hey guys this is holy ground on our
three today I'm doing a lego castle
review of the role of battle wheel has
five hundred and eight pieces it's forty
dollars at the store 3999 but close
enough um it's very very nice this is
what it looks like it comes with an
archer and two peasant nights both of
the peasant Knights have swords one has
a shield the archer does not come with a
crossbow or a quill quiver not krill um
and it has a catapult that works it's
got this flag right there it gets six
Spears and then it comes with a troll
this troll to not come with that spirit
I just put it in his hand then it comes
with a crossbow and a sword for the
trolls and this troll has a mer and it
comes with two silver hats and one gold
hat this is the battle wheel and it does
roll back and forth it's very cool I
like this one so much it's my second
time to pick it up um and it has firing
rocket that right there fires and you
pull it back there so it fires pretty
cool and this night has a thing so that
he can swing it up there and match it on
to that pole and run up the side of the
wheel I think they could have added
weapons for the archer because all i
have is this thing not a big fan of that
um
there's the back of the box I got mine
on sale at my target for 2998 no not
target toys r us so that made me happy
but they didn't have what i really
wanted I went there wanting another
nights catapult defense and another no
not another am final joust but they
didn't have either them they don't have
much they only had like three or four
sets I most of them were over fifty
dollars and mine was so ripped off that
one that piece was missing there should
be four of those that one's missing so I
don't have one of them now it's really
ticking me off and this has spikes on
every plank it has the troll sign on the
flag right there so I hope you guys
liked this review of the lego castle
troll battle wheel i'll be doing a
collection update for my stuff and
probably two weeks because i need to get
a bookshelf so that i can put some of my
stuff on there and i'm going to be
getting some of this stuff as i go on my
trip so bye guys hope you liked it rate
comment subscribe i will be doing more
castle review so and i will be doing
more Star Wars reviews also so bye guys